Update building your first plugin guide (#753)
napari/docs: docs/plugins/building_a_plugin/first_plugin.md

`<module_name>:<function_name>`.
```

### Update `pyproject.toml`

Lastly, we need to make a few changes to `pyproject.toml`.

1. Because we are directly using the `napari.utils.notifications` API in our,
   `show_hello_message` function, we need to add `napari` to our package
   **`install_requires`**. (You should add *all* of your required package dependencies
   here.  Assume nothing about your user's environment! Not even napari.)

2. We need to instruct setuptools to *include* that `napari.yaml` file
   when it bundles our package for distribution, by adding

>    **`include-package-data = True`** to  `[tool.setuptools]` section and point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **`include-package-data = True`** to the `[tool.setuptools]` section and pointing
```

>    package-data to `yaml` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `package-data` to all `yaml` files.
```
